I can give you something.
But I can also choose not to listen to you, understand?
Oh, I see.
I'm not coming back tonight
You show it to me.
Enron, make arrangements for me. I'm going to the hospital
Since you can't find it
Then check me out
Do you want me to pick you up at home?
Don't let that beast go out
As for the absence of an appointment
I have a way
I let you not grow
The feeling of drugging
Lin Xi, don't worry too much
I'll let you know as soon as the result comes out.
We found it in time, maybe it's alright
Benefactor, you don't have to comfort me
No matter what the outcome is
at least
I know how much time I have left to deal with it
Chu Minghua
Well, let's go.
Go quickly